Dear Peter Gamos:
This letter is a Written Warning for unsatisfactory job performance. On March 12th, you and I met to discuss management's concerns about your performance of record keeping duties in the division. Specifically:

1. Your weekly budget journal entries had not been kept up to date for the last six weeks. Both your mid-month and end of the month bi-weekly fiscal reports to the Department Head were late. The mid-month report was due on the 14th, but you turned it in on the 17th. The end of month report was due on the 29th, but you turned it in on the 5th of this month.
2. As was explained to you on numerous occasions since you began work here, the bi-weekly fiscal reports are used to track grant fund usage, and are the basis for reporting to the granting agencies on the use of the grant funds. The lateness of your reports has caused this quarter's report to the National Science Foundation to be filed a week past the deadline.

During our meeting, you did not provide an acceptable explanation as to why you had not met the deadlines, but did request additional training in the department's reporting system.

I will meet with you next Monday to review the reporting system. During the next 30 days, I will meet with you each Friday to review your records and reports. You will be responsible for completing your assignments accurately and on time. If you do not make the necessary job performance improvements we will consider further disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal.

This written warning is being issued pursuant to the guidelines of the University Disciplinary Policy, and will remain active in your personnel files for 12 months or until you receive at least an overall evaluation of "Good" and a "Good" on Principal Function 2 which covers your reporting responsibilities. Alternatively, this written warning may be made inactive at any time deemed appropriate by management.

Sincerely,

Sean Emerson
Employee Records 
Director of Human Resources


